= Pyladies Dojo =
Welcome to the [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/ Pyladies-Dojo repo], our planning space for the python-dojo events.

Pyladies will be hosting Python coding dojos for women on a weekly basis and this repo contains a few notes you will need to know to make the best of the weekly meetups inorder to help it run as smoothly as possible.


== Date:: Sat, 2014-Jan-11; Time:: 1000-1300 hrs ==
Feel free to work on anything listed on the [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/Kata.mediawiki Kata (practice)] page, which has a list of tutorials and projects. You can contribute to that page by forking this repo, and then make a pull request from your fork. Other projects include:
* The [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/Jobs-FOSS/CIS.mediawiki CIS sponsored NVDA project].
* Learn Python the hard way: [http://learnpythonthehardway.org Website] and the [http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/ LPTHW Book]


== Venue, Registration/RSVP ==
* Bangalore: At [http://cis-india.org/about CIS], Bangalore - read the [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/Venue-BLR.mediawiki venue page] for direction details.
* Register and [https://www.meetup.com/PyladiesBangalore/ RSVP via our Meetup page]. (PS: Registration is limited).


== Volunteer FAQ ==
* Read the [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/VolunteerHandbook/VenueHowto.mediawiki HowTo notes for Dojo volunteer organizers], then add your name/github ID to the [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/VolunteerHandbook/Volunteers.mediawiki Volunteers] list.
* Our [https://github.com/svaksha/pyladies-dojo/blob/master/FAQ.mediawiki FAQ] page attempts to answer some queries that attendees may have about the python dojo meetups.


== Python Code of Conduct ==
* All Pyladies events are bound by the [http://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/ Python-CoC], in addition to which we expect all attendees to follow the PyLadies [http://www.pyladies.com/CodeOfConduct/ Code of Conduct].


== License ==
* COPYRIGHT © 2013-Now [https://github.com/svaksha SVAKSHA].
* [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html AGPLv3 LICENSE]. The above Copyright notice and this permission notice must be included in all copies of this repo.
