CIS and TW are the two venues that Pyladies-BLR currently uses for their meetups. 
We are open to the idea of hosting an event in a different part of the city, or in another Indian city. Email "pyladies-blr@python.org", with your suggestions.

= CIS =

[http://cis-india.org/about CIS], Bangalore is located at: 
194, 2nd 'C' Cross, 
4th Main, Domlur 2nd Stage
Opp. Domlur Club (another landmark, if you cant find the TERI office).
Bangalore 560071. Karnataka

'''Phone''' : +91-80-4092-6283 ; +91-80-2535-0955.

'''Google Map''': [https://maps.google.de/maps?expflags=enable_star_based_justifications:true&ie=UTF8&cid=9857706471034889432&q=Centre+for+Internet+and+Society&iwloc=A&gl=DE&hl=en https://maps.google.de/maps?expflags=enable_star_based_justifications:true&ie=UTF8&cid=9857706471034889432&q=Centre+for+Internet+and+Society&iwloc=A&gl=DE&hl=en]


=== Directions to navigate to CIS ===
From, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Meetup/Bangalore/Bangalore21#Getting_there

===== By Road =====

* From MG Road, Brigade Road, Central Business District, Vidhan Soudha - Come straight on Old Airport Road towards Domlur, and take a Left after Steves Gym / Paratha House. Go straight, and continue straight after the Domlur BDA Complex crossroads. Further, go straight, cross bridge over storm water drain, and take Left AFTER The Energy Research Institute (TERI). You will see Domlur Club on the LEFT. Take a right onto the SECOND lane, opposite the gate of the Club. The CIS building has a white gate and is on the RIGHT-hand side, first gate.

* From Hosur Road, Electronics City, Koramangala, Sarjapur, Bannerghatta - Take Inner Ring Road/Intermediate Ring Road towards the Domlur-Old Airport flyover. Proceed straight towards Indra Nagar by taking the flyover. Take a Left just AFTER the flyover, before the Pedestrian Foot Over Bridge (FOB). Proceed forward and take the Third LEFT towards TERI. Take a Right before TERI and proceed as above.

* From Old Airport, HAL, Marathalli, Varthur - Come on Old Airport-Varthur Road, cross Domlur flyover, take a Right AT the flyover proceed towards Indiranagar and proceed as per above to reach CIS.

*   From Old Madras, Road, Indiranagar, Ulsoor - Take 100-feet Road (Under Metro) to Domlur flyover. Take a Right BEFORE the flyover, at the Pedestrian Foot Over Bridge. Proceed forward and take the Third LEFT towards TERI. Take a Right before TERI and proceed as above.


===== By BMTC bus (public transport) =====
 
* From Kempegowda Bus Station (Majestic), KR Market, Shivaji Nagar, take a bus towards Old Airport, Domlur and get down at the Water Tank and Proceed as above.

* From Banashankari, Central Silk Board - Take a bus terminating at Domlur. Get down after the Indira Nagar FOB, and walk towards TERI as mentioned above. Take a bus going toward Indira Nagar. Get down before the flyover, walk towards, the Water tank, and proceed as above.



= ThoughtWorks =

ToDo.
