= HowTo notes for Dojo organizers and volunteers =

Hosting python-dojos requires planning for the space, wifi, and other logistics for the women attending your event. Here are some useful tips and information, a lot of which may not be relevant to your city, so feel free to modify and adapt.

=== Cost? ===
* Since Pyladies events are free and attendees are not charged, we do not pay for a venue. (Psst...At Bangalore, we always prefer a donated venue.)
* If possible, exchange for sponsorship during the event. 

=== Size? ===
* In order to gauge whether a venue is a suitable size, you (the organizer) must decide on an approximate number of participants. 
* Limit the number of participants if you have space constraints. 
* Keep in mind that, space requirements will increase if your dojo is held on a weekend. 

=== Location? ===
* Find a central location that is easily accessible by all attendees, especially via public transportation. Attendees may not own their own vehicle or may not like to drive.
* It should be safe for women to travel at any time of the day, especially if your dojo is held after sunset.

=== WiFi? ===
* Does your venue provide enough bandwidth? 
* Dont hesitate to set some ground rules - no torrent downloads, etc.. 
'''Tip:''' A good rule of thumb is to make sure there will be at least one router for every 25 people.

=== Power? ===
* Are there enough power outlets? 
* Will you need to bring in power strips/surge protectors?
* If your city has frequent power outages, do they have a backup generator? 
  '''Tip:''' Keep an alternate plan for your dojo activities just in case you get hit by the unforseen.

=== Hours? ===
* Make sure you have access to the venue a little before the start of your event. 
* Ask if an employee or someone in charge of the space will be present to help you out with the space logistics. 
* Find out if there are any Security officers in the building that you need to know about? Access codes you need to know about? Keys or access cards you must carry with you? Be sure to have the phone number of the person who runs the venue, just in case.

=== A/C & Heat? ===
* Does the venue have any automatic timers for heat and cooling? Get familiar with those but it would be better to keep the contact name & telephone number for the security or contact person who can make those adjustments for you.


=== Workspace? ===

===== Tables? =====
* Make sure there are enough tables for everyone to work on – visualize the number of teams that will be working and how they will be distributed throughout the space. 
* In addition, make sure there are a few extra long tables for food and registration (if required). You may need to rent tables (in most cities, renting tables is very affordable.)

===== Chairs? =====
* Are there enough chairs? If not, look into sourcing or renting some extra chairs.


=== Presentation logistics ===

===== Room? =====
* Is there a common area that will fit everyone?
* Are you hosting speakers who will require projectors to make presentations?
* Are you having [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk Lightning talks] at the end of your dojo? (Tip: http://software.ac.uk/home/cw11/giving-good-lightning-talk Giving a good lightning talk)

===== Projector & A/V? =====
* Does the venue have a projector and A/V System? If not, you will need to source one, if you plan on having long talks. 
* If yes, then you need to know how to use it, or have security or someone in charge help you with it.
'''Tip:''' You dont want to have to deal with the additional burden of being accused of breaking expensive equipment.

===== White Boards? =====
* Make sure there are plenty of white boards. If not, find some you can use for the weekend. 
* Every team should have either a whiteboard or a flipchart to work with.
'''Tip:''' Portable whiteboards are another sharable option.

=== Parking? ===
* Is there enough parking for everyone? Make sure to give attendees information about parking before the event.

=== Kitchen Area? ===
* Some offices have kitchen areas - a sink and refrigerator? Small, but important! 
* Since we are volunteers, make sure your attendees know that if they use the kitchen areas, they need to CLEANUP after themselves. Tidy up after the event and do not leave any garbage around. 
* If there is no refrigerator at the venue, be sure to have plenty of ice and coolers for drinks.

=== Bathrooms? ===
* Are there enough bathrooms? On every floor? One toilet for 50 people will be a nightmare. 
* Are they shared (unisex) or separate for Men and Women? 
* Are the bathrooms available (or locked) after normal business hours? If so, make sure you coordinate with security regarding this.

=== Security? ===
* Some venues have very strict security policies - some offices have IP restrictions and may not allow external electronic devices within their premises, or you may have to deposit them with the security before entering the building. 
* Make sure to ask about security protocol when you tour the venue (both in terms of areas you can access, and which internet and network points participants can access). If security protocols are strict, ask about temporary access codes or visitor badges. 
'''Tip:''' Its better to look for venues that are not very rigid or have too many security hoops to jump through.


== External links ==

* [http://www.meetup.com/GirlfriendsOfCentralVA/pages/Event_Organizers_Meetup_Checklist/ Event Organizers Meetup Checklist]
* [http://www.opentechschool.org/handbooks/learners-meetups.html How to organize a Learners Meetup]
* [http://www.howtorunameetup.com/2012/05/how-to-handle-no-shows-on-your-events/ How to Handle No Shows on your Events]
* [http://www.howtorunameetup.com/ How to run a meetup].

